 (Crystal mood rings.)(Complete)= Force scouter
 Aura cleansing relaxation area (completed)
	the goal is to figure out a way to allow the different for users auras not clash as hard in an area and allow people trying to cleanse them self's of any one alignment to have a starting zone to do that, so if people want to walk a grey path they can start here.    There was some bowl things they brought to the forest. they also started asking for small generation of different force energies i.e: light side, dark side. They have made a basin that contains items with light dark energy in a ritual that "mixes them" in a yin yan type way. After completion it was a ritual that made a defined space mix opposing force types to restore the force to a "neutral" point. When overloaded with one specific type of energy (i.e sith lightning ) it will explode with the energy.
(Plant growth aura) not the real one because i don't want to have more people risk corruption till I can fix it.
	Plant growth class I teach the aura to anyone who finds me while I'm trying to develop the holocron network for the foundry. then after they learn it I just tell they that there is another way to do it and send them back out to figure out the other ways,(i don't know them yet)    Bastie came by and made like 12ish different ways then figured out space-time manipulations to speed up growing, didn't tell me how (was probably trolling me).
	the holocron network is more or less not the solution for this problem due to the nature of a soul being tied to the network allowing internal corruption. 